there's everybody these will have
yet judged for a new video
so you saw it in the title it's going
to be a little bit of a special technique
since we 're going to go to the bank first
first we find ourselves on sale
so it's a little known technique for
the moment has taken I think she's going to
spill
with the arrival of the 1.9 no province
louis xii la 2.29 yes that's it and that
walk with the flours so if you
have old flour so the
flours of one for example fish
empty is empty and we will take by
example we take several since
I already have to enter the stuff for
show you well
and it works also with the boards is
I still have old ones
planks boards of friends the boys
boards of fresnes for example and the
meat is what I have obvious
preserved against no I have rather well
to keep unfortunately good it takes
know that people keep then
it gives back directly
the cooked meat actually
for example if you have square of
pork for example that will make you a
faycal downright want more but it's going
to make you there the meat that is that already
that we had already cooked we will say
for others it's otherwise by
example for the boards of fresnes
know you give back the old kraft by
example it makes for a board that you
gives and vinvin ash wood for them
bottom fish is the same except that it's okay
give you back that normal re re blues
and for flours it's something else
flour milk flour when you click
tasty gives twice the flax finally
twice, it was she who had for
kraft as for ash wood and
for boards in general have
loosely pop a little bit but that's
no problem we do not care so here we go
it was just to tell you that I
did not know you're tweeting
hebinger not there is not any case twitter from
blow bah I can not warn you and
you make a little video like that
could it help you to
to save money
seen that sometimes the flours where the
boards cost less the ends the
old boards cost that late damon
surely know it starts at
go up because because obviously
people understand this trick but
on your server if the person who to
this tip and 20 the boards you
cost that slab since people are you
the sale but more useless and where
tried to redeem the pawns the the
boards
yes I do not know how to talk anymore guys
the holidays I know more about it there
well, finally, I'm going back to
talk about all this all about staying in
my corner to farm the kamas so that's it
walk with all the fish every
boards all the flours except the
news obviously what is a
new flavor
yeah, we'll test
trace the flours that I did so
his survival flours is what it is
Can we use it is what
we can use them
no it does not show us there we can
we can use but there not by
example of seeing the new flour on
can not it is that the old ones since
no use it's a little bit
logical but hey that's all we have
tested I hope the video will help you
to you or to save kamau
in any case and we find ourselves down under
little since it is the no it on this
video announces my return on videos
show on lives less than 200 which
will arrive soon since we are at 114% and
this is so thank you little dedication to a
warrior off ski to heal and drag queen
and who helped me equipped up
so far so big thanks to them in all
case and we end up in two
days as usual
no yes finally in two days that for
an upcoming video chat at all the
world it was in the north